(HeeJin & HyunJin enjoying the warm sunshine!)
HeeJin: Look at the bright future ahead of us~!
(HeeJin&HyunJin, such a nice view)
(NICE? THE END)
(HyunJin is starting to do something weird again)
(Choerry joins!)
Choerry: It’s fun!
(And HeeJin sits next to HyunJin again!)
HeeJin: HyunJin Kim~
(HyunJin having dance practice after taking pictures)
HyunJin: My image is not this kind of thing
HyunJin: Finish?
HyunJin: Could you film me from the lower floor?
(But filming next to her, because it was very annoying to go downstairs)
HyunJin: Go downstairs and film my eyes, please!
(So we filmed HyunJin as she told us…)
(Hmm… Is it okay to be aired?)
(But she looks quite professional whenever she is filming)
(And she finished it up perfectly with love4eva pose!)